Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/csv.md

Select **Type** of the query to `CSV`. You can either specify the URL of the CSV file or can provide inline CSV.

> CSV data should have columns as its first line and be comma delimited. If not, specify them in the CSV options. By default, all the columns will be parsed and returned as strings. You need to specify the column names and their types, in case you need to parse them in correct format.

If your CSV doesn't have headers, you can specify them in the **CSV options** headers. Read more about the advance CSV settings like custom delimiters at below in CSV options section.

## CSV URL example

CSV URL : `https://thingspeak.com/channels/38629/feed.csv`

> In the example below, we are using a CSV file from ThingSpeak traffic analysis. As you can see in the screenshot, you can visualize the CSV as a table using just the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses a CSV file from ThingSpeak traffic analysis. In the following screenshot, visualizes the CSV as a table using just the URL.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/108428461-8465da00-7236-11eb-8769-b1c145cbe203.png#center)

> Sample data from the above CSV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample data from the aforementioned CSV data.
```

## Columns

Even if your CSV file has columns, you should specify them manually, and only those fields will be considered for display. The columns will appear in the order you specify. Each column will have the following properties:

| Column   | Description                                      |
| -------- | -----------------------------------------------  |
| Title    | Title of the column when using the table format. |
| Selector | Column name in CSV file. Case sensitive.         |
| Format   | Format of the column.                            |

> If you don't specify any columns, then the Infinity plugin will try to auto generate the columns and all the fields will be returned as string. Please note that this auto generate columns feature only works with table format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify any columns, then the Infinity plugin will try to auto generate the columns and all the fields will be returned as string. This automatically generates columns feature only works with table format.
```

## CSV URL

> In the example below, we are going to convert the CSV URL `https://gist.githubusercontent.com/yesoreyeram/64a46b02f0bf87cb527d6270dd84ea47/raw/32ae9b1a4a0183dceb3596226b818c8f428193af/sample-with-quotes.csv` into a Grafana data source.

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#below

We should also avoid using "we" in this way but that can be considered out of scope for this patch: https://developers.google.com/style/person

```suggestion
In the following example, we are going to convert the CSV URL `https://gist.githubusercontent.com/yesoreyeram/64a46b02f0bf87cb527d6270dd84ea47/raw/32ae9b1a4a0183dceb3596226b818c8f428193af/sample-with-quotes.csv` into a Grafana data source.
```

CSV data should have columns as its first line and be comma delimited. You also need to specify the column names manually for display purposes.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/92382040-d8a35480-f103-11ea-8ff8-48c7ca211062.png#center)

> You can ignore the root/rows as each line of CSV will be your rows.

Reviewer: Not sure how to re-word this one actually but it shouldn't use the slash.

Probably can leave for another time.

Author: we can probably fix this once we do a PR with Vale suggestions

canada,100,ottawa
```

> The screenshot below shows the example of CSV inline data source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following screenshot shows the example of CSV inline data source:
```

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/153843/92571108-9e0ff800-f27a-11ea-9fe9-9f9dcbd7125a.png#center)

Reviewer: This is bad alt text but is also probably out of scope for this patch.

https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/image-guidelines/#alt-text
